NMS-13448: Fix doc character escaping (#3539)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/ticketing/introduction.adoc

                                                                       The `NullTicketerPlugin` does nothing when attempting to create/update/delete tickets.
| `opennms.alarmTroubleTicketEnabled`    | `false`                   | Defines if the integration is enabled.
                                                                       If enabled, various links to control the issue state appear on the alarm details page.

> | opennms.alarmTroubleTicketLinkTemplate | `$\{id}`                   | A template to generate a link to the issue, e.g., `\http://issues.opennms.org/browse/$\{id}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| opennms.alarmTroubleTicketLinkTemplate | `$\{id}`                   | A template to generate a link to the issue; for example, `\http://issues.opennms.org/browse/$\{id}`
```
